c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.MajorProject1.apk
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.MajorProject1-Signed.apk
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\MajorProject1.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\MajorProject1.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.dll
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.pdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.MajorProject1.apk
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\bin\Debug\MajorProject1.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\MajorProject1.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\ccami\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MajorProject1\MajorProject1\MajorProject1.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
bin\Debug\mscorlib.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
bin\Debug\System.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\MajorProject1.Android.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Android.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\mscorlib.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Core.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Net.Http.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Security.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
